Update Salesforce Inbound Endpoint Example Doc (#1049)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors/sf-inbound-endpoint-example.md

The Salesforce streaming Inbound Endpoint allows you to perform various operations on Salesforce streaming data.

> The [Salesforce streaming API](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.api_streaming.meta/api_streaming/intro_stream.htm) receives notifications based on the changes that happen to Salesforce data with respect to a SOQL (Salesforce Object Query Language) query you define, in a secured and scalable way. For more information, go to the [Salesforce streaming documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.202.0.api_streaming.meta/api_streaming/quick_start_workbench.htm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Salesforce streaming API](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.api_streaming.meta/api_streaming/intro_stream.htm) receives notifications based on the changes that happen to Salesforce data with respect to a SOQL (Salesforce Object Query Language) query you define, in a secured and scalable way. For more information, go to the [Salesforce Streaming API documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.202.0.api_streaming.meta/api_streaming/quick_start_workbench.htm).
```

> The [Salesforce streaming API](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.api_streaming.meta/api_streaming/intro_stream.htm) receives notifications based on the changes that happen to Salesforce data with respect to a SOQL (Salesforce Object Query Language) query you define, in a secured and scalable way. For more information, navigate to [Salesforce streaming documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.202.0.api_streaming.meta/api_streaming/quick_start_workbench.htm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Salesforce streaming API](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.api_streaming.meta/api_streaming/intro_stream.htm) receives notifications based on the changes that happen to Salesforce data with respect to a SOQL (Salesforce Object Query Language) query you define, in a secured and scalable way. For more information, go to the [Salesforce streaming documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.202.0.api_streaming.meta/api_streaming/quick_start_workbench.htm).
```

## What you'll build

> The Salesforce inbound endpoint is a listening inbound endpoint that can consume messages from Salesforce. This injects messages into an integration sequence. However, for simplicity of this example, we will just log the message. You can extend the sample as required using WSO2 [mediators]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/about-mediators/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Salesforce inbound endpoint is a listening inbound endpoint that can consume messages from Salesforce. This injects messages into an integration sequence. However, for simplicity of this example, you will only log the message. You can extend the sample as required using WSO2 [mediators]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/about-mediators/). 
```

> The Salesforce inbound endpoint is a listening inbound endpoint that can consume messages from Salesforce. This injects messages into an integration sequence. However, for simplicity of this example, we will just log the message. You can extend the sample as required using WSO2 [mediators]({{base_path}}/reference/mediators/about-mediators/). 

Reviewer: Instead of WSO2 mediators, let's say `mediators in WSO2 Micro Integrator`.

> In this example, we can trigger the notifications to the Salesforce Inbound Endpoint via creating the `Platform events` or `PushTopic` methods. Please note that our example configurations are based on creating the `PushTopic` method. You can use the instructions given in the [sf-rest inbound endpoint configuration]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors/sf-inbound-endpoint-configuration/) documentation.

Reviewer: [sf-rest inbound endpoint configuration] -> Please use the name of the documentation properly.

> In this example, we can trigger the notifications to the Salesforce Inbound Endpoint via creating the `Platform events` or `PushTopic` methods. Please note that our example configurations are based on creating the `PushTopic` method. You can use the instructions given in the [Setting up the PushTopic in Salesforce¶]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors/sf-inbound-endpoint-configuration/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we can trigger the notifications to the Salesforce Inbound Endpoint via creating the `Platform events` or `PushTopic` methods. Please note that our example configurations are based on creating the `PushTopic` method. You can use the instructions given in the [Setting up the PushTopic in Salesforce]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors/sf-inbound-endpoint-configuration/) documentation.
```

Now that you have configured the Salesforce Inbound Endpoint, use the following Inbound Endpoint configuration to retrieve account details from your Salesforce account. The Salesforce inbound endpoint acts as a message receiver. You can inject that message into the mediation flow to get the required output.

<a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/salesforce-inboundep-example.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/salesforce-inboundep-example.png" title="Salesforce Inbound Endpoint" alt="Salesforce Inbound Endpoint"/></a>

## Configure inbound endpoint using WSO2 Micro Integrator Visual Studio Code extension

1. Follow the steps in [create integration project]({{base_path}}/develop/create-integration-project/) guide to set up the Integration Project.

> 2. First let's create a sequence to process the message. In this example, for simplicity, we will just log the message, but in a real-world use case, this can be any type of message mediation. Select Micro Integrator and click on `+` in **Sequences** to create the sequence. Add a log and drop the mediator to the sequence. The source view of the sequence will look like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. First, let's create a sequence to process the message. In this example, for simplicity, you will only log the message, but in a real-world use case, this can be any type of message mediation. Select Micro Integrator and click on `+` in **Sequences** to create the sequence. Add a log and drop the mediator to the sequence. The source view of the sequence will look like below.
```

    </sequence>
    ```
   
3. Now let's create the Salesforce Inbound Endpoint. Click on `+` in **Inbound Endpoints** and select **Salesforce** to create the Salesforce Inbound Endpoint.
   
    <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/connectors/sf-inboundep-create-new.png" title="Creating inbound endpoint" width="800" alt="Creating inbound endpoint" style="border:1px solid black"/>

4. Provide the following details in the form that opens.

    - **Name**: `SalesforceInboundEP`
    - **Automatically generate sequences**: deselect
    - **Injecting Sequence Name**: `test`
    - **Error Sequence Name**: `test`
    - **Polling Interval**: `100`
    - **Execute sequentially**: select
    - **Coordination**: select
    - **Salesforce Object**: `/topic/Account` 
    - **Package Version**: `37.0`
    - **User Name**: Username
    - **Password**: test123XXXXXXXXXX
    - **Login Endpoint**: `https://login.salesforce.com`
    - **SOAP API Version**: `22.0`
    - **Connection Timeout**: `20000`
    - **Wait Time**: `5000`
    - **Replay**: deselect

>     - **Event ID File Path**: `/Users/myname/SalesForceConnector/a.txt`

Reviewer: Can we use a placeholder here?

## Deployment

1. Navigate to the [connector store](https://store.wso2.com/store/assets/esbconnector/list) and search for `Salesforce`. Click on `Salesforce (Inbound)` and download the JAR file from the releases list. Copy this JAR file into the `<MI_HOME>/lib` folder. 

2. Copy the exported carbon application to the `<MI_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/carbonapps` folder. 

3. Start the integration server. 

## Test

> > **Note**: If you want to test this scenario by inserting data manually into the created object records, please follow the steps given under the topic `Testing the PushTopic Channel` in the [Salesforce inbound endpoint configuration document]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors/sf-inbound-endpoint-configuration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If you want to test this scenario by inserting data manually into the created object records, see [Testing the PushTopic Channel]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors/sf-inbound-endpoint-configuration/#testing-the-pushtopic-channel).
```

   Please use the [Salesforce REST Connector example]({{base_path}}/reference/connectors/salesforce-connectors//sf-rest-connector-example/) testing steps to test this Inbound Endpoint scenario;
   

>    Save a file called data.json with the following payload (change the value of the `Name` field to `Manager`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Save a file called `data.json` with the following payload (change the value of the `Name` field to `Manager`).
```
